half 500 reais to watch the dance show with Brazilian dancers.
russian bolshoi here at the parade auditorium
maybe you have not been good but a lot of people have
they paid me
Why the real cause, but okay?
institutions will benefit through the
political artists and entrepreneurs five and all want to see these dear faces
including those who have no address at five hundred
real
ignoring the comprehensive agreement how it is lost is a social action with the
presence of the two main soloists of the Bolshoi of Moscow
I was living in Brazil about the presentations.
the street carnival
they will not sing
the xuxa revolution that was
is a man who practices solo sex a soloist too
is a sad soloist
anyone who wants to subscribe
state accounts sasac horta and here we have day starts with her everybody and left
if they are function dancers
if I felt a balanced diet I believe the text to sacrifice for the
your dance so I'll win the team fliers nothing said
We know the room all season.
he already runs out of lamechices bid off the ball commanded by the box deal
fast
for saturday
attentive
he did not dispute
courses work if you
as a conspiracy of French national team jerseys begins our
secret alliance to know the sophisticated technical characteristics
collective plans can seek this time is too much heavy defeat
in front of bulgaria for those looking to build a bridge on the last day 10
from the hands of the music father said
the case and allow it to grow increasingly
it's the other side
ramalah
the mess is the popular singer here or paul bunny's injury wrote
for all Uruguayans
now I think well
when it is verified it is wanting it has added iva is permeated by the
our state
for the association the sale of the area
Know but I want to believe that I still can not go
today at noon and
music considered the music of kings
the company spokesman of husband football player david dancer
salari robot dance how the life there know is a guy that when
if it makes the beloved noodles there holes happens in the grandmother
I want a folder
so much so
truffles and foie gras - chile at home
bing is done by the trade is a little bit of everything they fight for cough
but the Brazilian family as expected feijoada sim cara
a ballad and I like it too
Okay, so that means I say the year was through prouni to win
your colleagues
since his best in life with a politician during the social reality of the
country with dancers pockets
like the comscore dancer
I thought until our patience is persevering the net crises
just know that the governor did not come he changed
the monica sierra woman
alberto gusm達o pc do b adopt s達o paulo
the last one is a funny guy always wont give a present gifts legs
christmas but for any
unprecedented said ricardinho
I think it is important for the people's north wing initiative to
entrance of the victims of the last earthquakes in Italy
I find it very valuable to help those who need a convent as a
difficulty as our
He is brother of Santa Catarina.
the call arrives next summer
everything came out again
When Ana Monica, okay?
the operator can send out Saturday
I missed you
A hug for a strong pounding.
highlight in the event that is beneficent all work the entire income that you are
held by the charity
can the city of s達o paulo learn from this initiative the people
also proved sealed and 21 5 6 denies to suspend sangalo these crowded because
all pen money institution lacking the proposal of s達o paulo to
science can do before those works on law
that's what to do with that value
The young woman greets you I'm staying
It's cool by the good ballads there.
sour taste
the house will read for pleasure that I
after that the pose for you
I want to see the ballet that is not few or anything
In a question for you do you like barletta highlight the bat games because
I was already a dancer, it was fabulous but it was already but it is not higher and without
True there are several locations on my agenda day
in relation to January and February
only we are I did combat dengue digipass people will continue more and
avian good afternoon sunny or do not strip following chunk does not affect the south
was at the holy supper we may believe that he was at the holy supper
speech by some of you from the press
according to residents
Paulo arrived and said I will be dumb
John said his brother when asked if I asked them about the dialogue
with Syria
after losing something
debut the final and nanny